Add instructions to install Docker in Ubuntu Linux (#1)
dpo/docker-mpc: README.md

### Linux

On Ubuntu, you can install Docker from the Ubuntu repository with
```bash
sudo apt install docker.io
sudo systemctl start docker
sudo systemctl enable docker
```

> Another option is following the instructions in [Docker
> documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/) to install Docker
> Engine from Docker's repository. It is also advisable to run docker as a
> regular user. Hence, you need to add your user to the `docker` group. You can
> achieve this by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option is to follow the instructions in the [Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/) to install Docker Engine from the Docker repository.
It is also advisable to run Docker as a regular user.
Hence, you need to add your user to the `docker` group.
You can achieve this by
```
